I hope you like 2 V2s cuz I've got some
high level 2v2 coming your way on this
cast a little bit of Ruthless at heart
playing as the Lord commissar and trust
me guys IG are crazy cracked good in
team games he's going to be assisted by
Alice the warp spider xar also known as
piano we've got vertical over here
playing as the k Lord and we've got
vagrant table playing as the Warlock I
actually have no recollection who the
hell vertical line is I'm just going to
call him vertical or I might just call
him the CL the K Lord we'll see vant
actually going for triple Guardians this
time which I actually really like in 2v2
for some reason it just seems
great you can use that eldari speed
rotating around the place quite
effectively oh I don't know if he knew
that he was against Alice cuz triple
Guardians against a w spider xar is cool
especially one that's gone banshees
Alice might find the Banshees quite
difficult to use in a 1 V one where
there's a lot more points that you have
to cover per player you can get value
out of your banshees even against Triple
Guardians cuz they will obviously beat
Guardians that are Solo uh Miss micro
vagrant okay you seen it without getting
special but yeah in these bigger team
games where the Guardians have
propensity to blob quite a lot it can be
tricky to use your melee cuz they just
bleed so much and get Focus fired receiv
sir I am reset so rotating the Banshees
into the middle there it's apart from a
commissar oh and the CSM retreated so
now yeah they basically [__] it for
vagrant there can't do any sort of
kiting with his Guardians against the
Banshees cuz the commad just rotates
over and says see you
later but yeah there's not too much that
vertical can do in the other game here
he's only going for a single CSM opening
going into fast Havoc dropping the fast
gens you can see a lot of gens for the
red team right now blue team really need
to exploit that but they've got for a
few gens themselves not as
much obviously double gsman here for
ruthless keeping them without the sants
doesn't need the sergeant right now
that's additional upkeep and requisition
at sunk cost that is just unnecessary
banshees can get into melee here with
the Havoc obviously Havoc have to
disengage they can play this sort of
kiting game they're going to run all the
way to the far genen to distract the
chaos whilst ruthless finishes The Bash
if he can realize he stops shooting okay
they do they out of there a little bit
early I think Alice maybe could have
kept those banshees in play a little
longer to buy some more time for The
Bash now ruthless needs to disengage
because he doesn't have any counter to
the havocs sees the Havoc artillery
spots on route for
ruthless now vigant interestingly has
gone for the Merc the
switchblade which I think is massively
excessive and not necessary I would have
just gone for the emulator you do
sufficient melee damage that is scary
enough to banshees it gives you ml8 to
counter the weapons team and it gives
you an even stronger range attack much
stronger than the mercus witch blade
whilst this range attack does not back
suddenly 50% chance into a single model
the
emulator knock back uh sorry range
attack is just a load of damage a lot of
damage over time so combine the damage
over time on ulator with triple
Guardians and the ulator ability to
count shurikens perfect and you've got
more than enough range DPS to not care
about a single Squad of
anes but we did see a good Destructor
there routed the gasman but here are the
spotters coming out trying to dissuade
the havocs but you can see they've been
rotated nicely by vertical there and I
like the build from vertical havocs into
um Raptors so obviously spotters counter
the havocs but spotters can't do
anything against Raptors now the main
disadvantage here for vertical is that
he's fighting a commissar who can pick
up the Power sword and that would be a
problem for the Raptors but you know not
much you can do about that
really their advantage is uh a little
bit of a flank here from the curse Lord
Alice not noticing it in time no he is
going to get tied up in melee that's not
ideal Guardians can pew pew but it's
going to take a long time for a single
Guardian Squad to deal with a chaos Lord
yeah just going to get out of there
vagrant going for the ranges now I
really like this build really like this
build it's one I've used in team games
before I've got a lot of success with it
you get Falcon in tier two then cuz you
got triple repair support and just fully
upgrade the Guardians they're going
around with the um
oh he lost his banshees where did he
lose his
banshees I don't know maybe in the
middle here I don't
know rambling on about meta builds and
I'm missing things so yeah Alice is
calling for ruthless to go for a longer
tier two because Alice is really far
behind and Alice wants to Tech right now
but it's not really ruthless doesn't
give a [__] ruthless is just doing his
thing yeah I mean it is kind of too lit
like if he wanted cish he should have
done that ages ago and he's already
halfway to tier two so the problem is
now that Alice also doesn't want to go
for a longer build so he's just going to
go tier two but they're going to lose
their gens cuz he's got an inferior Army
right
now the reason why these Rangers are so
good with this build is with the
pistols they debuff the enemy to take
even more damage so when things like
banshees running they're going to get
absolutely melted by all the range DPS
and again that synergizes with imlet he
has gone for the long rifles now so he
loses that utility but at least he has
snipers versus the sh
him chaos
out so what did they lose thereor is
online I don't know cuz they replac the
Gen straight away kinetic pulse nearly
wiping the W spider XA there with all
the pew pew from the
Guardians fast pser for ruthless
interesting well I mean it will help
control the Raptors I guess going need
plasma guns too though cuz there's no
power sword FL jacket
weird I would have prioritized the Power
sword of a flat
jacket I don't know I find this build a
bit
weird these guys
generally the psychers best against sort
of static ranged forces but I don't feel
like these CSM going to be that static
might even upgrade them yeah it I might
even upgrade them to M of K I don't
think he's seen the PSA
yet but so the PSA is not going to be
very good against that the PSA has
utility to control melee but only a few
at a time with upgrades he can kill
control two at a time so press one and
snare the
other but yeah jump
Squad going to be tricky that was a
shite jump Jesus Christ flat jacket
straight away onto the Raptor xar so
there goes strip stall saring that
Raptor I called him a raptor xar the
Raptor leader the aspiran champion
straight away killed there with the the
flat jacket and a bit of AOE just going
to replace him real
[Music]
quick Conn Marines will be great against
the Sentinel plasma pistols will do
extra against the heavy infantry they
got that nice speed on them good charge
range so it looks like Alice routed
vagrant for now called in some spiders
makes sense he is the war spider X that
gets some cheap but of course we have
the
Falcon it's going to be tricky to deal
with for
Alice wonder if we'll see Power blades
on the
spider yeah Sentinel went down conare
Space Marines no doubt contributed to
that I was just going to check him
because missile launcher Sentinel ooh
another nice execute kills another model
all right and now he's invested in the
power claw so has got a higher DPS
weapon than he would have if he just
went for the Power
sword but a lot more
expensive friend 15 power more
expensive so let's see dropping in mines
trying to snare it but they're probably
going to take too long to arm yeah and
even if they didn't there's Rangers here
to detect them bright Lance flank is
that crack shotted wow that seemed to do
a lot I guess that was a rear armor hit
I'm not sure how no red for crack shot
is there o and Falcon get
slain yeah if you had the red for crack
shot there to boost the range of that oh
oh maybe he only got it when oh I don't
know if he did use crackshot I'm almost
certain that Falcon would have
died double plasma guns now makes sense
kind of Nob brainer good against the
kcsm good against the havocs good
against the Raptors who just
repurchasing their BR Champion again you
can see the impact here of these
repurchases it's really bleeding in
vertical economy tremendously second
Falcon here coming out for vagrant I
assume that is an OverWatch mistake I
don't think he would want to commit to a
second Falcon that wouldn't really make
any sense I think at this point probably
wants tier
three get see Council
out R FL could be awkward for
that well if there's a r flood maybe you
even go fire prism I don't know if I
finish say what I was saying earlier but
I was checking for the Sentinel because
if there was a sentinel the missile
launcher Sentinel would be tremendously
effective at killing a falcon combine it
with a ha wire grenade that' be good
okay he's got double Falcon so now you
go tier three and you get the shields on
the Falcon and then you should be
laughing I don't I don't know if that's
intentional it could be double Fon in
three will be very strong and certainly
able to handle the r FL thanks to those
Shields they get but he needs to get
tier three which is tricky not really
seeing a lot out of the Warlock here
just need to find an edge
really don't like this merciless witch
blade purchase that feels like a massive
waste of 35
power yeah so we got the bright Lance WF
Lord on
rout if they can set this up correctly
they will be able to wipe a falcon
obviously snare it beforehand with your
hair wire grenades needs to teleport
away from the Raptors here he's going to
bleed a lot but I think he uses teleport
to get into range yeah not ideal they
hurt
not ideal autoc cannon in the back lines
blood lust went down there so that's the
global from the klad boosting the damage
of literally everything on the damn
field right
now this my friends is a whole lot of
yikes
jeez yeah yeah not sure about this
one strip all on the chaos tries to
control him but the psy needs to pull
back managed to kill everyone but the
asan champion there with the
Raptors got a bit of capping on the
natural there from the Lord commissar
and looks like the ra Lord went in deep
didn't even manage to get one of the
Falcons TI Three is coming up for vagran
and the rafor has got to disengage a lot
of bleed right now can't really trade
with all these Guardians this is the
power of the Guardians ooh this Falcon
getting a bit too close oh but the ra FL
doesn't want to do it they could have
traded but I'm not sure that he would
have even killed the Falcon so yeah he
play plays it
safe problem for Alice is he's only got
one Guardian so it's going to take him a
very long time to fully repair this re
FL now lot of HP to repair there that's
the advantage going triple Guardians and
Falcons obviously have less HP than a r
Lord as well may so you can repair these
back to four very quick and then with
the energy Shields it's kind of like
their selfhealing cuz obviously they
regenerate energy on their own which
then fuels The Shield so they can take a
load of damage on the shield turn it off
and then they're healing off that damage
so to
speak so basically Alice is getting
wrecked right
now but ruthless is doing very good
against the chaos so it's kind of
balancing out double dreadn is the
player from vertical what the [__] okay
ruthless ruthless needs to get a Leman
Russ out what on Earth vanquisher Leman
Russ should make short work of this so
he went for the cakin which you know
they're never really bad are they but I
am it's not really a very good counter
to double
dreadnots oh Alice you're very wrong my
friend you're very
wrong it's funny though because there
was quite a lot of bashing from Ruthless
on this power but nevertheless I guess
if you think about it vagrant really
hasn't spent that much power at all look
there's no warlock on this Guardian he
hasn't even got battle equipment on any
of these
Guardians and that's interesting
actually I wonder how viable it is now
just to never get Battle equipment
because battle equipment is not as good
as it used to be it used to give you 33%
more HP but they nerfed it to 25% HP but
buffed Guardians by default to have more
HP such that the end result with battle
equipment is the
same so yeah it's uh it makes you wonder
is that battle equipment even worth it
right
now especially when they're only level
one it wouldn't be worth it at this
point in the
game dual energy Fields that's going to
be tricky to contend with but here we go
we've got an attempt right now here why
a grenade going in but he gets the one
that was
furthest
away melun
casakin but the Falcons are going to
regain their speed soon wow look at all
that damage though holy [__] yeah that's
a lot of damage from psyo double plasma
Guardsman spotters and casakin Christ K
Lord he has drain life but really I feel
like he wants to let the Galaxy burn
right now to deal with these range blobs
that said there's no AV left all the AVS
been forced off except the rear FL who
is being hunted down right now by
quadruple ranged
AV Vehicles well they're not AV they
kind of anti all aren't they but yeah
that's the end of the r
FL uh guys they're not committing just
kill the r Lord oh wow they let it off
dual repairs from the the gasman proving
too powerful right now so causing an nut
to try and disrupt those repairs crack
shot bright lanc in the sidelines don't
ignore it 30% more range and damage but
going to be forced off by the duel
dreadnots and now the falcon can go
forward again wow big spike damage there
on the autac attempted to execute with a
flat jacket K very
close seen the power of the heal though
speed and damage and a heal from the
aack jump to Allied
eldari and the two dreadnots have just
casually side stepped away from that
engagement and gone to gem
bash casakin going so deep here how the
hell have they not lost a model what on
Earth okay finally one of the casakin
dies just charge straight forward into
them Fus need to red themselves over to
help the ra
Lord yeah ruthless says Leman but
uh just taking time Alice has managed to
get to tier three want a prism makes
sense get some real AV damage from long
distance there on a mobile platform
unlike your bright
Lance oh he gets a special attack
instead of a normal melee oh my God and
there's even plague Marines here from
vertical that is not a good situation
for that R Lord
and wow the commissar couldn't even get
the final swing of his power cloth
thanks to that yeet from the blood Mall
there how the hell the kar managed to
get out alive I'm not sure R Lord is
taken down by the combine power of those
Falcons ah he he got killed by the
Falcons in the end the Lord commer and
it's going to be a fire prism for
Alice yeah they still quite far behind
on VPS The Blue Team I wonder what the
strategy is here for vagrant thing is
with vertical he is basically committed
to only tier 2 right now he did manage
to get both of his dreadnots alive
though oh that's so
powerful honestly these default con
dread uh chaos dreads are just so good
right now ever since they got that 20%
Mele resist it's been a huge help and
once again you can see the aest pot
coming in from the Guardians is proving
really really helpful
here triple Guardians is awesome in in
2v2 right so Mar of zinch coming on one
of the chaos dreadnots right now because
seen the Lan Ross where is it it's over
here yeah and it's got its
vanquisher so that's giving it that
extra range and rate of fire basically
necessary for any sort of vehicular
engagement you want to take this is a
lot of vehicles though but it's got the
range to play with just need to use your
gsman to sort of gain line of sight
right now
it's just going to take this Le in a
long time man where's that prism there's
the prism okay yeah we need a bit more
Firepower there's a lot of Vehicle
Health to just chunk through right
now and they need to stop firing at
plague Marines and start firing at
dreadnots nice barrage there from the Z
dreadn going to suppress all this
infantry they're trying but there's just
so much so many vehicles and it seems
like there's not enough infantry for the
blue team so the losing line of sight
moving the kar forward he has got this
Emperor's WRA which he tries to snipe
the Falcon with but vagrant is too good
for that he sees it Dodges it easy
mostly want to use that on setup teams
or combine it with suppression or
knockback so they can't just
dodge it's quite greedy player really
from Ruthless there ended up losing his
comma for it as well oh wow there's a
prism now for vagrant 2 unfortunately
that prison missed the W spider
xac so as able to prevent
the the
heal to sub Commander armor troops down
here reclaiming the VP for the red team
not sure what Decap it probably a
Guardsman yeah blue team just trying to
consolidate around their VP uh I don't
know what they can do here there's no
red for an LR would be really helpful
against all these vehicles these
vehicles must be starting to get levels
yeah the in particular when they get
their levels with the shield become
ridiculous cuz not only are they getting
the normal damage HP stat boost but the
extra energy is indirectly then making
them more
durable so it's a a real very
high HP boost per
level see there without their Shield
they do take some good damage but the
Leman constantly is losing sight of the
vehicles refocusing to infantry which is
not ideal
here message probably want some D
cannons even a shurik in here would be
very
useful uh so it's Alice that's back
capping with the spider X AR ah nice
he's got the webway gate bang bang bang
se's going in there doing a lot of
damage don't think he's going to quite
snag the curse Lord right now we'll see
so using that as a distraction to
push big push in the middle here near he
gets one of the Guardians but not quite
Force melee with the Zin dreadn and the
plague Marines snaring the Leman Russ
now these forces of
um vagrant need to advance but Zin TR
kind of suicided itself it walked right
into the bright Lance and the melter
casakin oh melt Storm Troopers never
mind casakin oh [__] melt Storm Troopers
as well but the Leman does go down thear
force is pulling through in the end
blastmaster in the back lines that's a
nice choice to the late game there by
vertical and melted Storm Troopers
getting getting away with two models
commisar is in melee with a falcon but
the bright L is out of range and the
blast Master is providing beautiful fire
support on the side here these Falcons
are
invulnerable with these shields they're
so hard to kill you don't even need to
heal them with guardians see that's the
tactic to whistle down VPS over a long
game is constantly kill the repairing
units or force them off and then you
know that you don't have to kill them
every fight they're going to be lowered
in HP every time time they come back but
this fer might die after I said it's
invulnerable sniped by the prism there
with the support of a guardian weapons
team unfortunately for vagrant his fire
prism is in the wrong fire mode it's in
dispersed shot probably to try and
control the SE Council but that's not
very useful when you need to deal with
the fire prism utac leaping in there
takes out the bright Lance but the
rosters aren't even looking that thin
AAC still in play for Alice now drop
down on the side VP here trying to
contend with this warlock with merciless
switch blade and the W thr wall has done
absolutely nothing this
game really really not good usage of the
Warlock I have to say vagrant has been
dominating the side of the the map where
he has had the mirror but I have to say
his warlock hasn't really contributed to
that very much at all I think it was
more of a build
thing messed up there with the Storm
Troopers infiltrated a bit early now no
energy for their melter bomb
but they pushed them back vertical of
course losing both of the dreadnots
there committed a little bit too
early really they could have done with a
nuke to deal with all the sporting
infantry down here that led to his
dreadnots getting killed I mean I'm sure
he's happy that he killed the Leman Russ
but the problem is that ruthless is now
getting another and he's only just going
to tier
three probably wants to get a land
Raider for
Boss to contend with the Leman Russ
as prised VI
is not sure what that was all about with
the w spiders jumping in there that was
very weird what was the point of
that not
sure is that crack shot on melter Storm
Troopers holy [__] it is but they still
can't get the stupid Mel bomb off oh my
God the knock back from the ranged
attack there from the Warlock doing
crazy Domino knockback
oh something got that in rear armor and
I don't know
how what the
hell I'm not sure how was that the the
rear armor shot from Alice's prism onto
vagrant I don't even know that was
bizarre as what that
was but they killed the prism of vagrant
wow The Blue Team The Blue Team are
winning this aren't they holy [__] they
got the Leman Russ out now I mean
they're so low on BPS but verticals
basically
man he's losing everything oh flag
jacket executes the final plague Marine
in Retreat there so he even lost them
and he's gone for Terminator just cap
the VP he's going to lose his
Terminators right now they're snared by
the Pyers strip so and the r here
Council around utx has a jump to boost
the damage and the speed of the SE
Council she should probably be doing
that oh what the hell vertical this was
a terrible Choice even dropped dist
field on them there did vagrant to try
and make them more resistant to the
range damage a beautiful play but man
Terminators were an awful Choice he
needed the four boss he must have known
another Leman rust was going to come out
inevitably we've got fire prisms roaming
around as well you've got to have that
AV superiority
attack wow see Cel doing a lot damage to
this lean
Jesus Oh they've got their heavy melee
upgrade that's why holy [__] I forgot
this was a thing Empower singing Spears
oh my God are they going to kill it
what holy crap yeah so C Council can
pick up the singing Spears now that are
heavy melee I don't know what the damage
normally of s council is I feel like 40
might be lower than
average I hope it is lower because
that's very powerful to have such a fast
unit with heavy
melee yeah that I understand why they RI
the L to pieces now I mean it's bad play
from Ruthless obviously they they are
faster Infantry but a tank is still a
tank it should be able to reverse away
but it was a bit slow no
doubt there might have been a swift
movement as well I'm not sure probably
not though I mean vagrant seems to have
a lot of red he's got enough for a nuke
so we'll see how he can execute
that bang bang
bang we are under attack these guys just
running the power
melee I'm not really sure why they're
running power Mele either because it's
not like there's any heavy infantry
threats over here allies the seers a
heavy melee
so doesn't really make a difference
they're both lightly
infantry yeah verticles kind of Bas
locked he kind of screwed himself going
for freaking
Terminators he had an opportunity
Guardians are here Emperor
rap dodged but it's up there the cap
which is the most important thing
execute the Exar
bang oh he didn't execute the Exar he
killed the allar
yikes yeah flat jacket has putting some
amazing work this game it has to be
said and now the gakin talking to
grenade launchers doing knock back like
that to stop caps very
annoying yeah well it's going get out of
there this is GG obviously at this
point it's becoming too much of a
snowball against the red team but a good
game beautiful comeback there from The
Blue Team I think the vital engagement
was where vertical lost his two
dreadnots and then vertical went to
threee drop Terminators instantly lost
them that kind of took him out of the
game and then vagrant just got abused
and slowly whittled down on his forces
but the juwel Falcons triple Guardian
build beautiful really effective vagrant
if you're watching was the duel Falcon
actually intended or was it OverWatch
and you you made it work kind of thing
hope you enjoyed that 2v2 content guys
please leave a like and a comment down
below if you did we're still a little
bit behind from before my
Hiatus um
started so we need to boost ourselves in
the algorithm just slightly all right
please support me where you can also
check out the patreon if you want more
high level 1 V One content that is all
from your boy topid I am signing out
goodbye
[Music]
like